# Boro Web Dev
## Meeting minutes: June 22, 2017

Small turnout this time, Michelle, Matt and Andy were present.

Matt brought up a resource from 'Traversy Media', in which the author built a responsive HTML5/CSS3 website from scratch in a Youtube video. Seems like it would be a good watch for anyone getting their feet wet with responsive design. It is just over an hour in duration and available here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm6CUkswsNw

We also briefly discussed building sites from scratch versus using WordPress/Squarespace. Andy has a client/portfolio project and is building a site from scratch. 

There was also a discussion about hardware and being fluent in many technologies. From using iOS to Android to Windows, a good developer will be comfortable using all of these devices. We also agreed it was good to pick up, say, a Macbook and learn how it works, so we would have no issues in the workplace with one.

The bulk of the discussion centered around the direction to take the group. The three of us decided we should pick a web development project and work on it together. It would help people to show up regularly to Meetups, contribute on their own time, and allow us all to work as a team. 

Now, we need all members or people interested in joining us, to put forth ideas for a project! We have an ideas.md available on GitHub. Please add ideas or enrich current ideas. We will discuss these at our next meetup. A couple things to keep in mind:
1. We want a manageable task that all can contribute to, so nothing too complex please.
2. Let's make something fun and interesting.
Link to ideas.md: https://github.com/amillion3/boro-web-dev/blob/master/project-ideas/ideas.md


We will be communicating via Twist, thanks to Michelle for setting it up. Send Michelle or I an email and we will invite you:
amillion3@gmail.com  or  mepemep@gmail.com

The next Meetup is scheduled for July 13 (Thursday). The location will likely be the library (Linebaugh, off the city square), but we need to reserve the room first. 

We hope to see more of you next time!
